No conditions, who took it off?
Oh, don't be crazy.
Don't be angry.
I called the police to take it off.
Then we can't starve to death here, can we?
Hey, come on, come on
Yes, Xiaofeng
We've already discussed it.
Return the house to you
We're packing up these two days and heading home.
Xiaofeng said before that we were wrong
Anyway, we are still a family
Yes, yes, come and eat, let's eat
The dishes are getting cold, right?
Eat now
Our family hasn't eaten together for a long time
Mom, I'm not really kicking you out
I just didn't have a place to stay, so I came back to borrow it for a few days
If you hadn't treated me like that
I didn't notice that it has developed to this day
Xiaofang, stop talking
Sister pours you a drink
It's all our fault.
Let all our previous unpleasantness pass.
Xiaofeng, let's do it
Oops Xiaofeng
Why don't you drink it?
Xiaofeng, did you still send us to poison the wine as compensation?
Xiaofeng, this glass of wine represents our family's apology to you.
You have to.
Yeah, dad's got a point
I'm just weird
Why is all your wine pre-poured?
I fell last.
and
The bottle is full
That means you're not drinking this bottle at all
Did you do something to me?